Hello Freak bitches.
Have you guys have been paying attention to all the shit storm that William
Shatner,
he's been doing online.
William Shatner is is at war with social justice warriors on Twitter.
William Shatner is like shit posting online and getting these people mad at him
and they're mad and they're saying that your whole show star track was about
social justice and here you are mocking social justice warriors.
There was an article in Huffpost,
you know,
which is like the Super Liberal Rag,
like should William Shatner's like abhorrent behavior or something like that or
race Heparin,
a racist star trek legacy like that.
Like literally as bad behavior online.
Find that article because it's so ridiculous.
But he's essentially,
I'm just fucking with people calling them snowflakes and shit and people going
nuts
but with how bad is he?
What is he saying?
Nothing that bad.
They just want him to toe the line and they also want him to be like humble and
grateful for being on Star Trek.
But he's like,
Hey folks,
it was just a TV show.
Lighten the fuck up.
And they're like,
it's just a TV show with social justice as his primary values and here you are.
We expect you to become so with that TV show,
not,
yeah,
he's Canadian too,
by the way.
Oh Shit.
Yeah.
No,
they're not foreign now.
He's wrong.
Yeah,
that's what I'm saying.
Um,
but uh,
I don't know like what they're arguing about.
It's hard.
I can't scroll back far enough to find out what they want to argue.
Oh yeah,
for sure.
I think he's awful.
I remember when you didn't know that William Shatner was so awful.
Like I saw people tweet that like all these weird social justice warriors,
women like,
relax,
why waste your time?
I got shit to do.
People 80 year old man living alone.
I get you think he's all,
he's got all these models.
There isn't.
Yeah,
isn't he?
Isn't William Shatner baby says,
Hey,
I'll let you look.
This is what,
according to this article is what the fight was about,
came from some show called Outlander.
Okay.
Hey,
Outlander fans.
The actor calling them snowflakes and Social Justice Warriors,
uh,
is intricate and fascinating in a way that only fandom beef involving and
internationally famous cultural icon can be.
But to get the full picture,
we have to take a trip back in time,
took Dah de Dah,
Dah,
Dah de Dah,
Dah Schachner who acquitted with this guy?
Hugans Hugans h you assist the part here.
Okay.
Uh,
I believe the two stars of the show,
Sam Hugans,
Hewkin and Catriona valve should date and real life.
Huh?
There's a group of fans,
people that love the show,
that thing a shippers,
they call themselves fans of a show who wants to see the two characters in a
relationship.
They believe the two stars of the show,
Sam and Catriona should date in real life.
And it particularly hard line group of fandom Bolsheviks that believe that they
already are dating in secret.
And Schachner who's acquainted with one of the guys,
uh,
waded into the fray,
labeling those shippers,
those people as bullies and calling them out on Twitter.
It was a move that many fans also saw as its own kind of bullying with Shatner.
Trying to kick a group out of fandom for more nuanced a walkthrough.
There's an explanation.
Blah,
blah,
blah.
Fast forward.
Okay.
He gotten a fucking goofy war with
trolls.
Yeah.
Here's some of the tweets and stuff.
Oh
yeah.
Okay.
Oh,
it's this weird.
So He's,
what does it,
hold it back up.
Funny how an actress with an impressive resume is belittled by same feminists.
Who say that an 86 year old man tell him the truth is a massage.
[inaudible] 86 I could believe that he's waiting.
Check.
No.
86 alright.
Yeah,
I Google it.
Take guess.
How old do you think he is?
I bet that's right.
I say he's in his eighties that's great.
It's gotta be,
when you're that close to death,
do you really give a fuck enough to argue with people on Twitter about who's
dating,
who?
That seems weird.
He says 86 wow,
this is pretty good for 86 but like,
what is that like why are,
why are they going back and forth like that seems like such a waste of time.
You're 86 and you want to,
how much time do you have when you're 86 if you're super lucky,
you got 10 years.
Sometimes old people like to argue.
It gives them strength and energy.
It's like vitamins.
Yeah.
Excuse me.
Fucking fight.
You know the game?
Yeah.
Like a fucking sport.
[inaudible] I mean,
yeah,
they get tired.
They just need that adrenaline rush.
Need anger fueled,
fueled by anger.
Anger is an energy.
It's an adrenaline rush.
You just don't do.
You don't dive into the fray with dorks though.